4.7.1 [Latest]
================



-   Fixed several bugs with placeholders
-   Fixed number ranges not working in drops
-   Backported several other random bug fixes



4.7.0
=====

 

Major Features
--------------

 

### 1.14 Support



-   Full support for 1.14.4
-   Dropped support for 1.7, 1.9 and 1.10



#### New Mobs



-   Cat
-   Fox
-   Panda
-   Pillager
-   Ravager



#### New Particles



-   flash
-   landinglava
-   sneeze
-   composter
-   fallinglava
-   fallingwater



### Better MetaSkills

 MetaSkills can now in many places be put in-line instead of having to
reference another skill. This means you will no longer have to make
multiple small skills in order to use certain complex meta-skills, such
as projectiles.

    

This is done by creating a new list of mechanics surrounded by square
brackets []s instead of putting a skill name. You can do this to nest
skills pretty much infinitely. Each new list of skills should be
properly indented to make sure YAML reads them correctly. 

    
    Skills:
    - projectile{
          interval=1; velocity=30; bulletType=BLOCK; material=MAGMA_BLOCK; tyo=0.5; g=1; bulletSpin=-40; hnp=true; stopatentity=false; duration=100;
          onHit=[
              - damage{amount=50}
              - ignite{ticks=20}
          ];
          onTick=[
              - particles{p=flame;a=20;hs=0.5;vs=0.5}
          ];
          onEnd=[
              - particles{p=largeexplode;a=50;speed=1;hs=0.05;vs=0.05}
              - effect:sound{s=entity.dragon_fireball.explode;p=0.6;v=2}
              - damage{amount=30} @ENO{r=5}
          ];
      } @targetlocation



### Math/Placeholders

 **This feature is Premium-only**.  You can now use math and
numeric placeholders in lots of places! The plan is to expand this to be
usable anywhere, but it's a big undertaking.  In order to use math
where able, you can simply put placeholders and equations between ''
where you'd normally put a number value.  For example:

    Skills:
    - damage{amount=1}
    - damage{amount='5 + 5'}
    - damage{amount='<caster.level> * 10'}

 and so on  The following mechanics can use math so far:

-   **damage**
-   **damagePercent**
-   **heal**
-   **healPercent**
-   **setLevel**

 Math is also usable in drop amounts:

    Drops:
    - gold_nugget '1 + (0.2 * <caster.level>)'



### Projectile Bullets

  Projectile mechanics can now specify a bullet type that will
represent the projectile. No longer are projectiles just limited to
particles!  These work with the projectile, missile, and orbital
mechanics.  Bullet types available are:

-   **ARROW** - *projectile{bulletType=ARROW;...}*
-   **BLOCK** - *projectile{bulletType=BLOCK;material=STONE;...}*
-   **ITEM** - *projectile{bulletType=ITEM;material=STONE;...}*
-   **MOB** - *projectile{bulletType=MOB;mob=SkeletonKing;...}*

 Yes, that's right, you can even shoot projectiles made up of other
Mythic mobs! Mobs shot with the projectile skill cannot be interacted
with, but will still use all their skills...  You can also use the
new **bulletSpin=#** option to give your bullets some spin. 

Mobs
----

 Added support for all 1.14 mob types. 

Mechanics
---------

 

### NEW: onShoot

 A special Aura mechanic that adds a temporary onShoot skill to the
target.

    Skills:
    - onShoot{auraName=fireball_bow;onShoot=[ shootfireball ];duration=200;charges=5} @self

 In this example, the caster's next 5 bow shots will shoot fireballs
instead of arrows. 

### NEW: Speak

 Speak is similar to the message skill, but is used for making mobs
"talk". Mobs will talk in the chat using a configured syntax, and if you
have a hologram plugin installed, they will also have speech bubbles!


     - speak{m="OH BOY I HAVE SPEECH BUBBLES NOW"} @trigger ~onInteract
     - speak{m="OW THAT HURTS I CANT BELIEVE YOU WOULD HIT AN INNOCENT MAN"} @trigger ~onDamaged 

 {{:od8f7goejm.gif?400 |}} 

### NEW: VariableMath

 

Conditions
----------

 

### NEW: DamageAmount

 

### NEW: DamageCause

 

### NEW: Health

 

### NEW: Moving

 

Items
-----



-   Added the **Model** option for setting an item's CustomModelData NBT
    tag. 
-   Placeholders and variables are now usable in item lore



Drops
-----

 

### Math



-   ***Premium Only*** You can now use math equations and placeholders
    in drop amounts, surrounded by single-quotes.
-   Drop messages now use regular placeholders



### NEW: cmd



-   Added a new drop type to run a command for the killer



Placeholders
------------



-   Name-related placeholders will now show the entity's type instead of
    Unknown if the mob has no name
-   Added &lt;trigger.luck&gt; placeholder
-   Added &lt;caster.enchantlevel.ENCHANT_NAME&gt; placeholder
-   Added &lt;caster.heldenchantlevel.ENCHANT_NAME&gt; placeholder
-   Added &lt;&nm&gt; placeholder for number signs #



Spawns
------



-   Regular mobs will now obey the MaxMobsPerChunk option



Compatibility
-------------

 

### Holographic Displays

 All hologram-related things now support using Holographic Displays,
including health bars, nameplates, and speech bubbles. 

### LibsDisguises



-   Added a bunch of missing disguises



Bug Fixes / Other
-----------------



-   Fixed some bugs with serialization
-   Fixed missiles to hit the target's body instead of their feet
-   Fixed wearing condition
-   Fixed some egg-related crashes on 1.14
-   Fixed placeholders in drop messages
-   Fixed singlequotes breaking message mechanics
-   Fixed &lt;.php&gt; placeholders
-   Fixed the shootpotion mechanic
-   Fixed a bunch of errors related to world unloading
-   Fixed despawn event throwing an async error
-   Fixed despawning errors on shutdown
-   Fixed xp messages showing up even when disabled
-   Fixed droptable inline item display names not parsing special
    characters
-   Fixed inline OnBlock and WorldTime conditions
-   Fixed an error with recursive drops
-   Fixed several variable-related bugs
-   Fixed custom API drops not rolling amounts correctly
-   Fixed various errors with Random Spawns
-   Fixed particle effects appearing in the wrong world
-   Fixed delayed skills throwing errors when the world was unloaded
-   Fixed toggleLever not obeying the set duration
-   Fixed another error with shootpotion
-   Fixed MythicMobs breaking the Guilds plugin
-   Fixed onSurface option in summon mechanics