In this page you will find a somewhat complete summary of what the current syntax to document each page is. If something is not documented, ask about what the correct syntax should be.

In each page you will find further descriptions as  comments inside the page markdown itself. You are invited to "edit" the page to see them.

## General Rules
- There should always be two newlines (the character generated by pressing enter) between each "Section" (a Section being defined by the `## title`)
- When using hyperlinks, one should always be aware that the `/wiki/` path is the starting one, so relative paths can be made doing something like the following:  
`[ExampleMechanic](Wiki-Editors-Resources/ExampleMechanic)`  
So, if a resource is on the wiki itself, please do use this method.

## Embedded Data
There are bits of embedded data in the wiki in the form of html comments. These bits of data are used to make datasets for the wiki and it's important that they are not edited without proper care

### Attribute Data
Those are added to the default value field of any attribute.
There are two types of data can be embedded, and they can be used together and put in any order. So long as they are *there* somewhere it's fine

This also works for universal attributes that are not inside any specific mechanic

`| type      | types, t  | A list of entity types to match           |<!--type:EntityType--><!--list--> |`

#### Type
If used, this will make it so that the attribute value can only be from a specific enum (like the Material or BarStyle ones, to say a few)

For that purpose [a list of valid types can be found here](https://github.com/Lxlp38/MythicScribe/blob/master/generated/enumList/enumList.md) and can be put in any casing

#### List
If this is used, it will declare that the attribute value can be a comma separated list of elements.
If used with `type`, each element will need to be from the same enum


### Trigger Data
Triggers can have any one of those comments in any point in the page (preferably just before the `## Description`)

- `MobTrigger` for triggers that are meant to be used by mobs only
- `PlayerTrigger` for triggers that all players can activate
- `ItemTrigger` for triggers specifically meant to be used from items
- `ArchetypeTrigger` for triggers that are meant to be used in conjunction 

`<!--type:PlayerTrigger-->`

The absence of any specified type will make the trigger be considered "Universal" and can, as such, be used in multiple places. If in doubt, leave it like that.

### Targeter Universal Attribute Data
Determines if a list of universal attributes for targeters is either Entity ones or Location ones. 

Realistically speaking, you will never need to touch this.

This is set by putting a comment in the Attribute header of the attributes table

`| Attribute <!-- ETA --> | Aliases   | Description                                           | Default |`

The values can either be ETA for entities or LTA for locations

## Example Pages
- [Mechanic Wiki Page](Wiki-Editors-Resources/ExampleMechanic)
- [Targeter Wiki Page](Wiki-Editors-Resources/ExampleMechanic "Uses the same syntax as the Mechanic one")
- [Condition Wiki Page](Wiki-Editors-Resources/ExampleMechanic "Uses the same syntax as the Mechanic one")

## [Test Page](Wiki-Editors-Resources/Test-Page)

## Quick Copy-Pastes
```
## Attributes
| Attribute | Aliases   | Description                                                          | Default |
|-----------|-----------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
```
```
## Aliases
- [x] alias1
- [x] alias2
```
```
> **This is a [Paper-Only] mechanic!**

> **This is a [Premium-Only] mechanic!**

**<[Premium-Only]>**
```
```
<!-- LINKS -->
[metaskill]: /Skills/Metaskills
[mechanic]: /Skills/Mechanics
[targeter]: /Skills/Targeters
[trigger]: /Skills/Triggers
[condition]: /Skills/Conditions
[origin]: /Skills/Targeters/Origin
[audience]: /Skills/Audience

[Paper-Only]: https://papermc.io/downloads/all
[Premium-Only]: Premium-Features

[material]: https://hub.spigotmc.org/javadocs/bukkit/org/bukkit/Material.html

[Implemented Placeholders]: /Skills/Placeholders#variable-placeholders
```